(Kim Lip is helping YeoJin to wear an in-ear. YeoJin has never worn this before)
(All of the girls are done wearing in-ear!)
HaSeul: Our first rehearsal is just around the corner.
HaSeul: I'm very nervous now!
HaSeul: I didn't see how the stage looks like.
HaSeul: I might scream when I see the stage.
HyunJin: I can't hear you!!
HaSeul: Stop it!
(The girls are walking to the stage! Go Go!)
(This is the full shot of 12 members!)
(The rehearsal started with LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(I don't know what she's saying... however she's just cute!)
(The three are so reliable even though it's just a rehearsal!!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"